# v0.1.5
* Added an experimental "NeedleFxSceneData Testing Tool", which sets FX parameters directly on the rendering engine.
  IMPORTANT: this feature is unstable and currently crashes your game when you switch maps after you used it.
* DevTools now allocates memory in its own subheap, making it easier to debug and preventing it from interfering
  with other game memory.
* Improved the Memory Inspector: new plots have been added, more information has been added and the heap hierarchy is shown.
* Improved the FxParamManager inspector: more information is now visible.
* Improved the reflection editor: now picks up on many more ranges and step sizes in the game's reflection information.
* "Insights" menu has been changed to "Inspectors" menu, the GameService inspector has been moved to this location.
* Fixed a memory leak in csl::ut::VariableString handling.

# v0.1.4
* Fixed an issue where placing objects not already on the map would crash the game.

# v0.1.3
* Added rendering of GOCVisualDebugDraw debug geometry (can be toggled from toolbar).
* Added a memory inspector.
* Vastly improved performance of level editor object list (it can still be improved further).
* Fixed a bug where the level editor's gedit export would crash sometimes due to running out of memory.
* Code cleanup.

# v0.1.2
* Fixed a misidentified function causing a crash when clicking an object in the level editor.

# v0.1.1
* Build for Sonic Frontiers v1.41

# v0.1.0
* Added the beginnings of a gedit editor mode. You can now select "Level editor" from the "Mode" menu and
  drop into a new mode where you edit not the live objects but the underlying gedit resource and your changes
  are persisted and can be exported to a .gedit file (right click a layer in the "Object list" layer view to export).
* Added a physics based mouse picker (you can now select many objects by clicking them).
* Added tree view in addition to existing layer view in object inspection mode.
* Added a gedit editing window to the resource browser.
* Added a GameService inspector for the ObjectWorld service. Be careful with this as manipulating the flags is sure to crash your game.
* Added support for ARRAY and OBJECT_ID types in the RFL editor.
* Improved keyboard controls for the free camera and added mouse controls (you can set sensitivity in the settings).
  Mouse control is not perfect yet and will be improved in a future version.
* Made it possible to drag around the camera view while devtools are open by right clicking and holding the scene.
* Made the path in the resource browser stay fixed.
* Fixed default settings not being loaded if you didn't have a settings file yet.
* Various bugfixes that I forgot.
* Added a new bug: Sonic does a quickstep when devtools are opened.

# v0.0.6
* Added ability to lock the debug camera position. While the camera is locked you regain control over Sonic.

# v0.0.5
* Added English translations for the Japanese descriptions of reflection parameters.
  These can be turned on in the new settings dialog but are currently opt-in because
  they are generated by Google Translate and therefore... not very good.
* Added a settings dialog with some now-persisted config options:
  * Theme choice.
  * Language for reflection descriptions.
  * Enable/disable keyboard and gamepad navigation of the UI.

# v0.0.4
* Added hot reload features to the resource browser. You can now right click a resource in the resource browser and select
  "Load from file" to pick a file on your hard drive to replace the asset with. This has immediate effect in the game for
  many assets. Alternatively, you can choose "Watch folder..." in the resource browser menubar to continuously monitor
  a folder on your hard drive for changes. Any assets you add or update in this folder will be automatically loaded
  by the devtools and replace existing assets with the same name. This feature has currently been tested with textures
  and pxd animations. Other files will probably work as well, but have not been tested yet. Use at your own risk.
* Improved the reflection editor:
  * STRING and FLAGS attributes are now also editable.
  * Improved rendering of arrays. They are now nested and their indices are marked in their names.
* Added 2 small insights windows: GraphicsContext, showing Renderables in use by the engine, and CameraManager,
  showing active camera stacks and their associated view/projection matrices.

# v0.0.3
* Added a resource browser. This will be the place where you can view/edit/load/apply all assets loaded by the game.
  The RFL editor has been moved to this location. It can, however, still be accessed from the GOCPlayerParameter inspector.
  If you open the RFL editor directly from the resource browser, you'll have to select the appropriate schema yourself.
  The devtools will show a list of possibly compatible schemas based on the file size.
  Careful! Editing an RFL with an incompatible schema will corrupt data and may crash your game.
  When you are sent to the editor through a link that knows what the correct schema is (e.g. GOCPlayerParameter),
  the correct schema will be selected for you.
  Icons generously donated by @aymenduturfu on the Hedgehog Engine Modding Server discord!
* Added transform gizmos when an object is selected. These gizmos use the same hotkey system as Blender:
  * G: Move
  * R: Rotate
  * S: Scale
  * Alt+Space: toggle local/world coordinate system
  * X/Y/Z: Restrict transformations along X/Y/Z axis.
  * Shift+X/Y/Z: Restrict transformation along everything but X/Y/Z axis.
* Added a debug camera (detached/free camera). Hover over the toggle in the toolbar to see controls and hotkeys.
* Added object pause, debug pause and frame-by-frame stepping. Hover over the toggles in the toolbar to see an explanation and the associated hotkeys.
* Added 2 new UI themes:
  * Sonic Frontiers, a theme based on the game's main UI and the new main theme for the devtools!
  * Gindows, a theme based on the UI of Sonic Team's in-house development tools!
    This theme was generously donated by @ik_01 on the Hedgehog Engine Modding Server discord!
  
  Currently the theme will revert to the default when the game restarts, I am looking into saving your choice for the next version.
* Added a new insights section. Currently contains only the GameUpdater section, which shows frame times per object layer.
* Slightly improved stability.

# v0.0.2
* Added the beginnings of a GameService inspector
* Added basic inspector for the NeedleFXParameter, FxLODParameter and StageCommonTimeProgressParameter reflections in the service FxParamManager.
  Many of these parameters do not yet have an immediate effect because they need additional update steps to be implemented.
  Others are controlled by other services and will immediately revert.
* Fixed some controls with same name being "linked together" (opening and closing together, value changed together).

# v0.0.1
* Added rudimentary manipulation of the GOCTransform component.
* Fixed an issue where inputs given while the DevTools are closed would build up and be processed all at once when bringing them up.
